So we had a detailed look at Dimensions orientations and rendering different styles and layout based
on your table width and height and also how to react to changes on width and height when you rotate
the device for example very important stuff.
Let's now have a look at how you can actually render different styles or layouts or whatever you want
based on the platform you're running on.
Right now we have basically an identical app on both Iaw and Android with one exception and that's our
button here.
The buttons look different because the button component which we're using is a component baked into
React Native and it's one of the very rare actually the only component React Native offers that automatically
adjusts based on the platform your app is running on.
No other component really does that but of course you can write code to adjust your styles layout logic
whatever you want based on the platform you're running on to see an example.
Let's go to our header component and there.
Let's work on the way we present this header on Android.
You might have this background color and then text in front of it on ISIS.
We might want to have a white background color and only have a thin border at the bottom and instead
have to text in our primary color.
That would be a more typical IOW look after all.
Now to find out on which platform you're running risk native has you covered it has the platform object
where dimensions helps you find out the dimensions of the device running on platform helps you find
out D Will platform off the device you're running on.
So now here in the stalls you were creating.
We could render a different background colour based on that.
We can use platform and now there you have a couple of properties you can use.
For example you have to OS property and O S is basically the operating system and it's one of the values
you're seeing here.
Most importantly IOW where Android.
So here we can check if debt is equal to let's say Android and in this case I set my background color
to colours primary.
But if it's not Android and therefore if it's I Os I set this to let's say white.
Now if we do that and we save this we see a white header here on the Iaw device and while colored header
on the Android device.
Now of course you don't need to set up any listener on platform and it also doesn't offer such a functionality
because the platform can't change whilst the app is running it's all the same operating system all the
time of course.
Now let's finish the styling for ISIS.
I said I want to have a thin border at the bottom so we can add a border bottom color and check the
platform and if the operating system there is equal to Iowa's then I want to set the border bottom color
to let's say this grayish color otherwise I'll send it to white or too transparent actually so that
we can't see it on Android and at a border bottom with off let's say and there we also make that check
for Iowa us off let's say one pixel on I was and zero on Android.
So now we shouldn't see anything on Android but we have that thin border here on ISIS.
Last but not least let's color the text by going to the title text here and titled text does indeed
merge in any style we set on the style prop.
So here on title text we can add a style prop and point at style start.
Title here or whatever you want to name it and add such a title style object here in our style sheet
where we set the color which is the text color also based on the platform.
If is IOW let's say we set this to colors thought primary and otherwise let's set it to white it was
black before.
Let's now set it to white.
Now we have a white title year on Android but a color title here on Iaw and this is how easy you can
set different styles based on the platform you're running on.
As you can see.